The girls came to the Taiwan airport to return to Korea!
'Come on, Donggeul~'
'Hello~'
'Does we look alike?'
'Nope!
HyunJin: Hello~ I’m Kim HyunJin and 23 years old~
HaSeul: Oh~ good good~
YeoJin: Hello~ I’m Im YeoJin and 12 years old~
HaSeul: How old do I look?
YeoJin: Nineteen? Eighteen?
HyunJin: Forty-two years old?
YeoJin: Thirty!
Joint attack from HyunJin and YeoJin!
HeeJin: Sometimes I felt little busy but it was a lot fun~
HyunJin: We’ll work harder and continue to grow and improve after we go back to korea~
HaSeul: It was very fortunate for us that the weather wasn’t hot
HaSeul: It was so fun with YeoJin.
YeoJin: When I took shoot, I felt comfortable because HaSeul was by my side
YeoJin: Everyone, it’s not the end!
YeoJin: It’s just the start~
LOOΠΔ TV will continue!!
HaSeul: Yes